PARAMETERS
   - version
       Model Version: Select which version of the model you want to use. The highest version corresponds to the best and latest model.
       Options: v2, v1
       Default: v2
   - vad
       Voice Activity Detection: Model to use for Voice Activity Detection
       Options: ECAPA2, rVAD, CRDNN
       Default: ECAPA2
   - diarization
       Speaker Diarization: Perform speaker diarization by recognizing (single/re-occurring) speakers in the audio or not. Speaker diarization requires the Voice Activity Detection model to be ECAPA2.
       Options: speaker_diarization, no_speaker_diarization
       Default: speaker_diarization
   - wordleveltiming
       Timing: Only generate the timings of short segments (= one or a few consecutive sentences), or also compute the start and end time of every spoken word separately.
       Options: segment_timings, word_timings
       Default: segment_timings
   - langid
       Detect Language: Detect which language is spoken in every segment if the audio might contain non-Dutch speech.
       Options: detect_language, skip_language_detection
       Default: skip_language_detection
   - annot
       Transcription type: Generate only a verbatim transcription of the speech, or also a subtitle transcription.
       Options: verbatim, both
       Default: both
   - formatting
       Formatting: The transcription should contain all tags (e.g. <*d>, <.>) or should be cleaned up text
       Options: clean, tags
       Default: clean
   - vadtiming
       Timestamps: Include start/end timestamps for speech sentences or generate one large body of text without timestamps
       Options: timestamps, notimestamps
       Default: timestamps
   - speakerannot
       Speaker annotation: If speaker diarization is activated, combine the speaker diarization with the transcription or output separate files.
       Options: combine, separate
       Default: combine
   - device
       Compute device: Decode on GPU (fast) or CPU (slow). GPU jobs might need to queue for a short while. Processing time on GPU is estimated at around 0.25-0.50 RTF depending on the chosen configuration
       Options: GPU, CPU
       Default: GPU
